feat(appo11y): add services operations for per-endpoint RED breakdown (#842)
grafana/gcx: docs/reference/cli/gcx_appo11y_services_operations.md

> ## gcx appo11y services operations

Reviewer: I would prefer a verb for the name, rather than `operations` here. even `get-operations` would read more clearly for me. Do you have any suggestions?

Break down a service's RED into per-operation rows (span_name × rate/errors/latency).

### Synopsis

List the per-operation RED breakdown for one service.

The argument is either the bare service name or the canonical
"<namespace>/<name>" form; bare names are auto-resolved against

> target_info the same way "gcx appo11y services get" does it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
target_info the same way as "gcx appo11y services get".
```

Rows are sorted by time-share desc — the share of the service's total
wall-clock time each operation consumes, computed as
(avg_latency × rate) / sum(all). This surfaces operations that dominate
latency regardless of whether they're high-rate-fast or low-rate-slow.

The span-metric family is auto-detected by default; see

> "gcx appo11y services get --help" for the --metrics-mode reference.

Reviewer: this doesnt make a whole lot of sense to me - am i just missing context? I don't see any reference to `span-metric family` in a table output

```
gcx appo11y services operations <service> [--namespace ns] [flags]
```

### Examples

```

>   # Top operations for a service in the default 5m window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Top operations for a service called "checkout" in the default 5m window
```

>   # Top operations for a service in the default 5m window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Top operations for a service called "checkout" in the default 5m window
```

  gcx appo11y services operations checkoutservice

  # Wider view with p50/p99 and absolute error rate
  gcx appo11y services operations checkoutservice -o wide

  # Last hour, unlimited rows, JSON for scripting
  gcx appo11y services operations payments/checkoutservice --since 1h --limit 0 -o json
```

### Options

```
  -d, --datasource string     Prometheus datasource UID (defaults to datasources.prometheus in config or auto-discovery)
  -h, --help                  help for operations
      --json string           Comma-separated list of fields to include in JSON output, or 'list' (or '?') to discover available fields

>       --kind string           Span kinds to include: inbound (server+consumer), server, consumer, all, or a comma list of SPAN_KIND_* literals (default "inbound")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --kind string           Span kinds to include. Choose either: inbound (server+consumer), server, consumer, all, or a comma separated list of SPAN_KIND_* literals (default "inbound")
```

      --limit int             Limit the number of operations returned (0 = unlimited; applied after sorting by time-share desc) (default 15)

>       --metrics-mode string   Span-metrics family: auto (probes the stack), v3 (traces_span_metrics_*), tempo (traces_spanmetrics_*), or otel (bare calls_total + duration_seconds_bucket) (default "auto")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --metrics-mode string   Span-metrics family. Choose either: auto (probes the stack), v3 (traces_span_metrics_*), tempo (traces_spanmetrics_*), or otel (bare calls_total + duration_seconds_bucket) (default "auto")
```

Reviewer: Or `One of` or something, like you have below
